{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Job Posting\
\
http://cuny.jobs/new-york-ny/distinguished-lecturer-school-of-journalism/B93897C5CEB94C9CAFBE0E2C510673E9/job/\
\
What I teach:\
\
I keep waiting for the Bureau of Labor Statistics to take this map down, but they haven\'92t yet. \
\
It\'92s better from a distance. Can you tell me where fatalities are concentrated? \
\
\
http://amandabee.github.io/CUNY-data-skills/hands-on/mapping.html\
\
We call this a \'93teachable moment\'94\
\
I have students work through the process of collecting census data, so we can normalize fatalities to the *population* of each state, importing a shapefile to CartoDB and joining it with their data so that we come out with a very different map:\
\
https://cunydata.cartodb.com/viz/5e825476-68ec-11e4-86bc-0e4fddd5de28/public_map\
\
And it works. \
\
We get some great maps out of students. \
 \
Somebody pulled 311 call records and then mapped the number of noise complaints per community board. That\'92s a pretty interesting map. \
\
* how far kids commute http://bl.ocks.org/ericalucia/raw/5d7f27535bd12cc8b215/\
* the states where undocumented immigrants live: http://bl.ocks.org/riogringa/raw/b5b252fd1e0a3cef7c3d/\
* HIV infection rates: http://bl.ocks.org/riogringa/raw/c51388dfd91d9c4bd86d/\
* Road Fatalities: http://juliajrh.github.io/community-profile/\
\
\
It gives us the opportunity to start playing with things like formatting numbers on the fly. \
\
\
}